# Meeting Notes
Code For Kentuckiana
Kentuckiana Works Meeting

Austyn, Robert, Rob, Liz N, Brandon, John, 

Austyn goes over database structure

Robert says I’m not a 7, possibly a 2

##Flow

**A few things about yourself**
Education

How Familiar are you with the following technology?
Commodity titles in Tech skills (maybe)
Acts as filter. 

**I am:**

>Employed     
>Unemployed  

**If Employed:** 
>Job  

**Why**
Salary not enough for what I'm asked to do
Location
Cultural
Want more responsibility
Want less responsibility
Don't get along with coworkers

**Once we have employment**
Offer the tasks associated with job. These are the types of responsibilities for this job:
Which of these do you actually do?
Is there anything other significant part of your job we haven't captured? Y/N
Add it. (lists of other responsibilities in db, potentially related if we can)
Which of these do you like to do? Rank from favorite to least favorite, and additionally rank on lichert scale for enjoyability.

Offer the skills associated with job. These are the types of skills for this job:
Which of these do you actually do?
Is there anything other significant part of your job we haven't captured? Y/N
Add it. (lists of other responsibilities in db, potentially related if we can)

Are there any other skills you think you are particularly good at?
Add skills

**Are you satisfied with the amount of money you make right now**
Y/N

We return list of skills, tasks, and technology skills. Backend presents SOCs with threshold number of same, along with indication of what skills are required that user does not have.


# If no job

**Have you ever worked before?**

**If Unemployed**

What best describes you:
> Student  
> Worked recent past but not working now
> Have not worked in significant time

**If held prior position:** 
>Last job [SOC database] 
 
 Then got through employed process.
 
 ##Student
 


Ask about what you like to do:

Ask about what you wouldn't like to do:

And map to that.

## Then Get to the following:

### Interests 

**Realistic** — Realistic occupations frequently involve work activities that include practical, hands-on problems and solutions. They often deal with plants, animals, and real-world materials like wood, tools, and machinery. Many of the occupations require working outside, and do not involve a lot of paperwork or working closely with others.  
**Investigative** — Investigative occupations frequently involve working with ideas, and require an extensive amount of thinking. These occupations can involve searching for facts and figuring out problems mentally. 
**Artistic** — Artistic occupations frequently involve working with forms, designs and patterns. They often require self-expression and the work can be done without following a clear set of rules.  
**Social** — Social occupations frequently involve working with, communicating with, and teaching people. These occupations often involve helping or providing service to others. 
**Enterprising** — Enterprising occupations frequently involve starting up and carrying out projects. These occupations can involve leading people and making many decisions. Sometimes they require risk taking and often deal with business.  
**Conventional** — Conventional occupations frequently involve following set procedures and routines. These occupations can include working with data and details more than with ideas. Usually there is a clear line of authority to follow  

### Work Values 
**Achievement** — Occupations that satisfy this work value are results oriented and allow employees to use their strongest abilities, giving them a feeling of accomplishment. Corresponding needs are Ability Utilization and Achievement. 
**Working Conditions** — Occupations that satisfy this work value offer job security and good working conditions. Corresponding needs are Activity, Compensation, Independence, Security, Variety and Working Conditions. 
**Recognition** — Occupations that satisfy this work value offer advancement, potential for leadership, and are often considered prestigious. Corresponding needs are Advancement, Authority, Recognition and Social Status.    
    **Relationships** — Occupations that satisfy this work value allow employees to provide service to others and work with co-workers in a friendly non-competitive environment. Corresponding needs are Co-workers, Moral Values and Social Service.  
    **Support** — Occupations that satisfy this work value offer supportive management that stands behind employees. Corresponding needs are Company Policies, Supervision: Human Relations and Supervision: Technical. 
    **Independence** — Occupations that satisfy this work value allow employees to work on their own and make decisions. Corresponding needs are Creativity, Responsibility and Autonomy. 

### Work Styles
